(All the characters, organizations, places, and happenings...)
(in this drama are all fake and are not based on a true story.)
What is it that you want?
It's obvious.
Your life.
Wait!
That's...
Wait. It was Officer Oh?
I think he abducted...
Lee Kwang Ho.
Did you get a good look?
Who knows?
You might really want to kill someone.
In the end,
he'll end up getting killed by his own son.
I heard you failed to do the press conference.
(Episode 39)
Yes, thanks to you.
Why did you want to see me?
You must be really angry.
You lost your chance in catching Manager Lee.
It doesn't matter.
There's someone else who's going to catch him.
I guess you already know that...
Kim Jong Sam took Manager Lee.
The reason I asked you to meet was to tell you that.
Are you quick with information?
Or did you plan this with him?
I'm just quick-witted.
Whatever the case, you should know that it spared your life.
If this didn't happen, you'd be in big trouble right now.
Manager Lee was really angry,
so he had asked me to deal with you.
But of course, I stopped that from happening.
Please stop trying to take credit.
You would've tried to kill me if it weren't for Kim Jong Sam.
Plus, you would've actively taken part.
Anyway, I wonder why he took Manager Lee.
To kill him?
Maybe.
That would be better for Manager Lee.
He'll be dying...
before the press get a hold of his past wrongdoings.
He might be able to save his face,
but I'm sure he'll feel very miserable...
due to the fact that he might get killed by Kim Jong Sam.
Why?
Because Kim Jong Sam used to be a death-row convict?
You want my life?
Then kill me.
You should do what you want to do.
Of course.
But before that,
there's something you need to do.
My mom...
Why did you kill Choi Yeon Mi?
Answer me.
Must you hear the answer to know why?
She was my biggest mistake and obstacle.
I wouldn't have been able to succeed if she was around.
That good-for-nothing success.
You only got that from killing people.
Do you know...
what my mom told me about you?
She said you were a warm-hearted man.
"Father".
He was a warm-hearted man.
That's why I liked him a lot.
She was on the run because she knew you were trying to kill her.
But that's what she told me.
How could you...
kill someone like that?
That's why...
she shouldn't have given birth to you.
You shouldn't have been born.
She should've listened when I told her not to have you!
Then why didn't you kill me after I was born?
Why did you make me get caught up in your life?
Because I didn't know!
Until you said your mother's name,
I thought Mr. Cha had killed you.
Is that why you ordered Manager Kwak to kill me...
because I was your son...
that shouldn't have been alive?
Answer me.
Is that why you tried to kill Chul Gi?
Do you think he actually took him to kill him?
It's very possible.
Kwang Ho ordered Manager Kwak to kill him.
And Detective Kang got hurt.
Still, Officer Oh wouldn't do such a thing.
Don't you think he's just trying to threaten him?
Because Kwang Ho keeps getting away?
He must've planned to kill Kwang Ho.
Because Kwang Ho killed Officer Oh's mother...
20 years ago.
No way. Then is this really revenge?
He's an officer. He should go by the law.
He probably thought the law wouldn't work.
Gook Su Ran tried to hold a press interview...
this morning to reveal Lee Kwang Ho's crimes.
But it didn't happen because she lost the proof to him.
Is that what happened?
You should've told me sooner.
He probably thought there was no other way...
since they wouldn't issue an arrest warrant.
Yes, this is Jin Jin Young.
Yes.
So he entered the back road after passing Youngsun Junction...
and didn't come out.
When was that?
An hour ago?
Please keep monitoring the roads.
Call me when he's on the security camera again.
How far is Youngsun Junction?
At this speed, it'll take 20 minutes.
Should we call the local police station?
If he gets caught,
he'll get arrested for abduction.
It's better than becoming a murderer.
Call the local police and tell them to start the search.
Don't say who the victim and the suspect are.
Lieutenant Jin, check the map...
and see where they could be.
- Okay. - Let's just hope...
- that we arrive there first. - Okay.
Please don't do anything, Officer Oh.
So what were you trying so hard to protect?
In order to become a president,
you killed my mother,
Jin Jung Gil,
and Hong Mi Ok.
And to protect 100 million dollars...
you killed Oh Il Seung and Ddak Ji.
You were going to kill me...
because I was in your way.
And to cover all that up,
you are going to kill more people.
What is it that you are trying to protect?
Protecting it isn't enough.
I should make it grow.
Make it bigger.
What exactly?
Money?
Power?
You already have more than enough, don't you?
Your money will last more than your lifetime.
Your power can cover up all your crimes.
You have them all.
Those things will be gone when you die.
What are you trying to do with them?
Tell me.
What are you trying to do with that filthy money and power?
Republic of Korea.
I must have the country in my hands again,
so this country could live!
You're crazy.
Yes. We'll cover this area.
Please expand the search area. Thank you.
Hey.
We can't find them this way.
Things fell through while he was preparing...
the press interview with Gook Su Ran.
She must've told him a place she knows.
Does that mean they're in this together?
That's possible.
Since Chairwoman Gook is dying to get Lee Kwang Ho.
Call Assistant Manager Ki.
He must know if Chairwoman Gook knows.
I didn't think Assistant Manager Ki would come in handy.
Who is this?
Why are you asking me that?
We saved you once before.
Plus we're trying to catch Lee Kwang Ho.
General Manager Kwak got locked up because of him.
Are you telling me the truth?
Are you really...
going after Manager Lee?
Don't you dare try to harm Chairwoman Gook.
So where is the location?
Youngsun Junction. That's...
the place I told Il Seung earlier.
Yes. The address is...
You fool.
That's why you can never beat me.
You must get rid of someone if he's a problem.
If you leave let him live,
you will lose your life.
That's right.
That's why you killed them.
Choi Yeon Mi,
Jin Jung Gil,
Hong Mi Ok...
I did.
And Oh Il Seung.
Geum Byul too.
I told you I killed them.
If I hadn't...
I wouldn't be where I am.
Look.
You're the one who'll die in the end.
Even if I'm your dad,
you should've killed me if you set your mind to it.
Don't flatter yourself.
Do you think I didn't kill you because you're my father?
I haven't known you enough to be bothered by it.
I saved you...
because I'm different.
Because I'm different from you.
This is your last chance.
I won't let you die as a selfish scumbag.
I'll let you live...
to give you a chance to live like a human being.
So...
put that down and leave.
Do you think your childish and sentimental comment...
change my mind?
I have never in my life...
let go of a chance to win.
It's the same now. I win in the end.
This way.
I think this is it.
- Officer Oh! - Officer Oh!
Hey!
Hey.
Are you okay?
We've been so worried.
Are you all right?
Yes.
Where's Lee Kwang Ho?
He left.
He left? Where?
He just...
left.
[VIU Ver] E39 Doubtful Victory "Why Didn't You Kill Me?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm the one who won.
You...
confessed everything.
What can you do with that?
You'll see...
what I'll do with this.
You can go now.
Arrest him.
Come on.
What were you going to do?
Why did you abduct him?
I was really going to kill him.
I wanted to hear the truth from him as well.
I understand why you did such a thing,
but you can't let yourself become so reckless.
I didn't seem to have any other choice.
If I didn't do anything,
it felt as if more people would end up getting hurt.
But still,
you should never try to murder him.
I know he's your enemy, but he's still your dad.
That's more of a reason why I thought it was my job to kill him.
If I killed him myself,
I figured people would be able to realize...
how bad of a person Lee Kwang Ho really was.
I never really knew his face until now,
but he's still my dad.
Good job.
You did well.
I'm proud that you didn't kill him.
It must've been hard for you to stay calm in that situation.
Good job.
Sometimes, there are cases that can be extenuated.
No one got hurt, and no one filed a report.
And there's no risk of secondary offense.
So now, I'm going to release you with a warning.
But still...
Don't try to argue with me.
I haven't filed your resignation letter yet.
You're currently on a leave.
So do things with the power you have as an officer.
Stop upsetting me.
Let's go.
You might've failed to kill him, but you still need to catch him.
That's an order.
Let's go.
- Let's go, you guys. - Okay.
Wait a minute.
Come inside.
Officer Oh's done taking a leave.
He'll be joining our team again.
Hey, why are you acting as if it's your first time coming here?
It's probably because he had a blast while taking some time off.
Where's Lee Kwang Ho right now?
He's at work right now. He's at the Korea Economic Institute.
My gosh, he's so persistent.
That's great. Let's go get him.
There's nothing special about arresting someone without a warrant.
Just follow the procedures.
Do you think he'll come quietly?
We won't be able to bring him easily because of his bodyguards.
They'll try to protect him, but we have to catch him.
I can't forget what I went through. I'm not going to lose him this time.
You can lose him.
But make sure no one gets hurt.
Always put your safety first, okay?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
- Let's go. - Yes, sir.
What are you doing? Why aren't you getting off?
You can go.
You need to be the one to handcuff Lee Kwang Ho.
I just feel uncomfortable right now.
You should go.
Move!
What are you doing?
What do you think you're doing?
(Lee Kwang Ho)
What's this?
Mr. Lee Kwang Ho.
You're under arrest for instigating murder.
Let me go! You're going to get charged for obstruction of justice.
I'm going to arrest you all!
Wait.
How dare you try to arrest me?
You're just a cop, and I'm a former president.
Let me tell you what a cop's job is.
It is to arrest suspects who are under suspicion of a certain crime.
General Manager Kwak testified that...
you ordered him to murder someone.
With a testimony like that,
we can arrest anyone even if that person is the leader of a gang...
or a former president.
If we're not able to prove the suspicion,
then we'll follow the law...
and release you within 48 hours.
Let's go.
Arrest him.
What are you doing? Call the chief of police.
Stop.
Everyone, get out.
What are you doing?
What do you think?
I'm doing my job. In other words, I'm directing this investigation.
What are you doing? Back off.
I'm sorry if they offended you.
We were all too excited at the fact that we might be able to arrest you.
So we were out of sync today.
Anyway, we're going to...
back off for today.
But don't be too happy.
We're going to...
officially arrest you soon.
In your dreams. That will never happen.
Let's go.
Inspector Park.
My gosh, let's go now.
Bye, sir.
My goodness.
You guys are always giving me such a hard time.
It wasn't easy for us to try arresting him without a warrant.
Inspector Park put his job on the line. What did you do?
Let me tell you a little something about how to deal with politics...
since you police officers don't seem to know anything.
We can't just arrest...
people like Lee Kwang Ho just because they committed a crime.
The people have to start talking about him,
and that's what's going to move the prosecution and court.
Don't you remember what happened to me...
when I tried to catch Lee Kwang Ho and his 100 million dollars?
I ended up becoming an outcast.
He's a former president...
who still has a lot of people...
supporting him.
Even if there's a live broadcast of him...
getting escorted by the police into Public Prosecutors' Office,
people will still complain that we're not being respectful.
But what do you think will happen if you arrest him without a warrant?
People will only think of it as some kind of political retaliation.
People will only focus on his arrest rather than his crime itself.
If that happens, we won't be able to have him locked up.
Do you understand?
Then how are you planning to catch him?
At this moment,
we can't.
I thought you had a solution. I'm disappointed in you.
You're disappointed?
I'm sorry.
I used to have someone from the NIS to back me up.
But she suddenly disappeared.
I wonder who took her away from me?
That's...
I have...
a solution.
Chairwoman Gook and An Tae Jung.
I must to teach both of them a lesson.
First, you should start off with Chairwoman Gook.
Yes, sir.
I must've been crazy.
I worked with him for 20 years,
and I don't have a single thing to stab him in the back with.
(Erim Food)
If you took it, you should've used it right.
You're too soft.
I guess you couldn't kill your dad,
Lee Kwang Ho, that horrible scumbag.
Don't get it wrong.
You would've been next after killing Lee Kwang Ho.
Did you forget what you did when Ddak Ji died?
You say Lee Kwang Ho is horrible because he killed your son.
Then you should know...
how horrible you are to me since you killed Ddak Ji.
Don't you dare compare them.
My son and that street rat aren't the same.
If he was so precious, you shouldn't have given him up.
Stop your nonsense,
and get ready to go to jail.
Prosecutor Kim will summon you soon.
Where are you going?
Well...
I got an urgent call.
By the way, why are you here at this hour?
The caregiver had to leave for a couple of hours.
So she asked me to stay here.
She should be here soon.
Is that right?
I see.
Then I should go pick up Kang.
The school must be out.
I can go pick him up.
Is there something you want to say?
How about bringing him here?
Since...
You're right.
We should bring him here.
Chul Gi is Kang's real dad. Kang should know.
What if Kang gets confused though?
It won't be easy for Kang to see him sick in bed.
We'll have to take good care of him.
If you're uncomfortable with this...
I'm not. Not at all.
I hope that Kang visiting will help Chul Gi get better soon.
I'll go get Kang.
Who are you?
Let me go.
Did Lee Kwang Ho order this?
Let go.
Kyung Jae, you're making a mistake.
Let's move.
Hey! Let me go!
Let go!
Move quickly.
Move quickly?
Assistant Manager Ki. Calm down. Where are you?
Okay. We're on our way now.
All right. Cheerfully.
Smile. Shoulders first.
Roll your shoulders. 1, 2.
1, 2.
Last one.
Let go!
I'm not crazy!
Get away!
Let go!
Let me go!
Ma'am! I'll take care of them!
- Assistant Manager Ki. - Let her go!
Do something!
Are you crazy? How dare you...
Chairwoman Gook!
Let go!
Freeze!
Hey! Freeze.
I'm Kim Min Pyo of Hidden Crime Team.
Let her go.
Before I arrest you for abduction.
Get them!
Gosh.
Stop!
Let's go, ma'am.
Hold still!
Gosh, we got him finally. You jerk.
You have the right to an attorney and the right to remain silent.
How dare you stab a police officer?
What?
They left without saying thank you.
That guy has no manners. No manners at all.
Follow me.
(Final Episode will air shortly.)